Create 2023-12-13-gift-guide.md (#150)
compilerla/compiler.la: _posts/2023-12-13-gift-guide.md

---
layout: blog_post

> title: "Compiler's 2023 Holiday Gift Guide"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Compiler’s 2023 Holiday Gift Guide"
```

Reviewer: https://smartquotesforsmartpeople.com/

Author: I had no idea this was a thing!

Reviewer: To make these suggestion changes, you can click **Commit suggestion** and then **Commit changes**

<img width="798" alt="image" src="https://github.com/compilerla/compiler.la/assets/3673236/f543af4f-59a6-4f0e-98ed-e4497d7eac82">

> subtitle: "Searching for that perfect gift for the public service enthusiast in your life? Compiler's got you covered! Here is this year's round-up of our favorite transit-related gift ideas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
subtitle: "Searching for that perfect gift for the public service enthusiast in your life? Compiler’s got you covered! Here is this year's round-up of our favorite transit-related gift ideas.
```

> *(P.S. If you didn't make the holiday cut off this year, we think these make great gifts year-round!)*"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*(P.S. If you didn’t make the holiday cut off this year, we think these make great gifts year-round!)*"
```

Author: @machikoyasuda I was hoping to make the P.S. portion of this italicized and possibly in a new paragraph. Is there a way to do that? I tried the *'s and put it on a new line but doesn't seem to be working (CC @angela-tran)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<br><br><p><em>P.S. If you didn’t make the holiday cut off this year, we think these make great gifts year-round!</em></p>
```

Reviewer: Try this ☝️

description: ""

> author:

Reviewer: If this was a collaboration, you could write `Compiler staff` for author. If not, put author name here.

> excerpt: "Learn how to write a blog post, include images, blockquotes and more."

Reviewer: This is what shows up here 
<img width="831" alt="image" src="https://github.com/compilerla/compiler.la/assets/3673236/3513385f-8891-4499-ae65-e3a044f6e564">

I suggest you wear one of these token rings and every time you fist bump someone make a loud beeping noise to let them know they can now board the train. No? Ok fine, but this is still an awesome ring that from a distance looks like a beautiful, vintage band but up close you realize is an absolute relic.

## [8. NYC Real-Time Subway Clock](https://www.etsy.com/listing/1290166234/nyc-realtime-subway-clock?click_key=b6b30f8f57cd4ba10f3bbc3ed29088e5aed6b156%3A1290166234&click_sum=98c95a73&ref=user_profile&frs=1&sts=1)
Idea: hang this in your living room and set it to all your friends' preferred lines to make sure your holiday party lasts until the last possible minute. Idea: hang this in your bedroom to ensure you get as many possible zzz’s before rolling out your door and down the subway stairs. Idea: hang this in your kitchen to give you peace of mind that you can enjoy your coffee without missing your train, or more realistically, so you can throw back your burning hot espresso when you look up and realize the L is 1 minute away. Idea: buy this.

> !(white mug)[/assets/blog/white-glossy-mug-white-11oz-handle-on-right.jpg]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<figure>
    <img src="assets/blog/white-glossy-mug-white-11oz-handle-on-right.jpg" alt="An image of a white mug with an illustration of a Los Angeles Metro light rail map." />
    <figcaption>An image of a white mug with an illustration of a Los Angeles Metro light rail map. Photograph courtesy of Metro.</figcaption>
</figure>
```

---
layout: blog_post
title: "Compiler’s 2023 Holiday Gift Guide"

> subtitle: "Searching for that perfect gift for the public service enthusiast in your life? Compiler’s got you covered! Here is this year’s round-up of our favorite transit-related gift ideas.

Reviewer 2: Copying from your message in Slack:

```suggestion
subtitle: "Searching for that perfect gift for the public service enthusiast in your life? Compiler’s got you covered! Here is this year’s round-up of our favorite transit-related gift ideas.
description: "Searching for that perfect gift for the public service enthusiast in your life? Compiler’s got you covered!"
```

Reviewer 2: Oops, that was not the right place for me to insert that line... I fixed it in [539bcdf](https://github.com/compilerla/compiler.la/pull/150/commits/539bcdfea22d18fc60c67e82c0cdbed0e7229f7e) 😅
